Update pull request template with coding rules link (#1636)
LDMXAnalysis/ldmx-sw: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

## Check List
- [ ] I successfully compiled _ldmx-sw_ with my developments

> - [ ] I read, understood and follow the coding rules outlined in https://ldmx-software.github.io/developing/coding-rules.html

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] I read, understood and follow the [coding rules](https://ldmx-software.github.io/developing/coding-rules.html).
<!-- If these coding rules are confusing or you need help, still open the PR as a _draft_ and we can help you! -->
```

## Check List

> - [ ] I successfully compiled _ldmx-sw_ with my developments

Author: ```suggestion
- [ ] I successfully compiled _ldmx-sw_ with my developments.
```
